In a class with public properties like these.
The value of these properties can be set directly like this.
However as P HP is very loose when it comes to what value you can assign to a variable there's nothing
to stop you assigning a value of any type to these properties.
This could be a problem if one of the class methods expects data of a certain type.
One solution to this is to use geter and SET methods instead.
These work by first making the properties private and then adding to public functions.
One to get the property value and one to set it.
These are commonly referred to as geter and set up methods.
You need to add a Jetter and set a method for each property.
While the getter method to do is we turn the value of the property and all the setton methods do is
set the value of the property to a value passed in as an argument.
Then when you are using the object instead of accessing the properties directly like this which you
can no longer do because the properties are private you call the setter's to assign values to the properties
and the getters to read a property value like that.
When we run this cold we get the value of the name property but access to via a getter method instead
of the property directly.
With the getters and setters you can control exactly what is stored in an object's properties and reject
any values that are not valid.
It's also possible to perform additional processing when a value is set.
I'll get for example setting a counter are writing a value to a log file.
You can also make a property read only by deleting the setter are right only by deleting the geter Opinion
and which method to use is divided while getters and setters do offer many advantages.
They do make the code that uses them less readable and they require more effort to write.
You have to create two methods for each property.
Having said that though several code editors will generate getters and setters for you after Mattingly.
For example if you using atom there's a package here that does just that.
There's also a third option using what P HP calls Magic methods similar to the construct method they
get and set magic methods can be used to access private properties.
But I don't recommend using these as they can make your code difficult to understand and debug.
Although getters and setters do have advantages.
I think they can make you a class for the complex and calling them makes that code difficult to read.
Personally I prefer to use public properties most of the time but if I do need to do additional processing
I'll have a read only property for example then and only then will they use their getter setter.